improve ds32 docs (#223)
sgl-project/sgl-cookbook: docs/autoregressive/DeepSeek/DeepSeek-V3_2.md

**[DeepSeek-V3.2-Speciale](https://huggingface.co/deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-V3.2-Speciale)** is a special variant designed exclusively for deep reasoning tasks. This model is specifically optimized for scenarios requiring complex logical reasoning and deep thinking. However this model does not support tool calls (see below). For local deployment, we recommend setting the sampling parameters to temperature = 1.0, top_p = 0.95. Recommended for deep reasoning tasks, complex logical problems, and mathematical reasoning.

**[DeepSeek-V3.2-NVFP4](https://huggingface.co/nvidia/DeepSeek-V3.2-NVFP4)** is an NVIDIA-optimized NVFP4-quantized variant of DeepSeek-V3.2 for Blackwell devices. It uses ModelOpt FP4 quantization with a choice of MoE runner backends (`flashinfer_trtllm` (recommended), `flashinfer_cutlass`, or `flashinfer_cutedsl`), enabling efficient deployment with lower tensor parallelism (TP=4). It supports the same features as DeepSeek-V3.2 including tool calling, reasoning, and speculative decoding (MTP).

> **[DeepSeek-V3.2-MXFP4](https://huggingface.co/amd/DeepSeek-V3.2-mxfp4)** is an OCP-MXFP4 optimized variant for DeepSeek-V3.2 for both Hopper and Blackwell devices. It uses OCP MXFP4 quantization with a triton mxfp4 backend (the same backend for gptoss-120B), enabling efficient deployment with lower tensor parallelism (TP=8) in a single node. It includes the same features as DeepSeek-V3.2 including tool calling, reasoning, fp8-kv, CP, TP and speculative decoding MTP.

Author: Let me update. You can also use the repo in Hopper platform.

> **[DeepSeek-V3.2-MXFP4](https://huggingface.co/amd/DeepSeek-V3.2-mxfp4)** is an OCP-MXFP4 optimized variant for DeepSeek-V3.2 for both Hopper and Blackwell devices. It uses OCP MXFP4 quantization with a triton mxfp4 backends (the same backend for gptoss-120B), enalbing efficient deployment with lower tensor parallelism (TP=8) in a single node. It includes the same features as DeepSeek-V3.2 inlcuding tool calling, reasoning, fp8-kv, CP, TP and speculative decoding MTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[DeepSeek-V3.2-MXFP4](https://huggingface.co/amd/DeepSeek-V3.2-mxfp4)** is an OCP-MXFP4 optimized variant for DeepSeek-V3.2 for both Hopper and Blackwell devices. It uses OCP MXFP4 quantization with a triton mxfp4 backends (the same backend for gptoss-120B), enabling efficient deployment with lower tensor parallelism (TP=8) in a single node. It includes the same features as DeepSeek-V3.2 including tool calling, reasoning, fp8-kv, CP, TP and speculative decoding MTP.
```

```
export SGLANG_DEEPEP_LL_COMBINE_SEND_NUM_SMS=32
export SGLANG_SET_CPU_AFFINITY=1

# Test workload ISL/OSL=1k/1k, raw tap : 4948.16 toks/sec, MAX ITL 5970
#   dp 2 : 5019.54  toks/sec, MAX ITL 7233
#   dp 4 : 4942.82  toks/sec, MAX ITL 35654
#   dp 2 + mtp : 6842.51 toks/sec, MAX ITL 3081
sglang_args=$(echo -m sglang.launch_server \
  --model-path $MAPPED_MODEL_PATH \
  --nccl-init $MASTER_ADDR:$MASTER_PORT --nnodes 2 --node-rank $RANK --tp 16 \
  --dp 2 --enable-dp-attention --page-size 64 \
  --trust-remote-code --host "0.0.0.0" --port 30000 \
  --log-requests \
  --context-length 65536 --max-running-requests 128 \
  --speculative-algorithm EAGLE \
  --speculative-num-steps 2 --speculative-eagle-topk 1 --speculative-num-draft-tokens 3 \
  --allow-auto-truncate --enable-metrics \
  --tool-call-parser deepseekv32 --reasoning-parser deepseek-v3 \
  --served-model-name DeepSeek-V3.2-Opt-dp2-mtp
)

sglang_args=($sglang_args)

python3 "${sglang_args[@]}" 2>&1 | tee $LOG_DIR/$RANK.log
```

**CP + PP + EP + DP**

`CP` is currently enabled with `PP=2` on Hopper platform and we can reduce TP=16 to TP=8 from standlone deployment:

```

> # verifed on Hopper platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# verified on Hopper platform
```
